[RI2 Ch01] Relationship with other communities (#1833)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_impl/cntt-ri2/chapters/chapter01.md

1. Provide detailed design for automation of deployment and testing, provide continuous integration and delivery pipeline for the RI
1. Gap analysis with required actions for existing eco-system within adjacent community projects

<a name="1.3"></a>
## 1.3 Relationship to other communities and workstreams

The main communities involved in driving requirements and development of this RI are:

> - **CNTT RC2 workstream**
>   - The **RC2 workstream** within CNTT defines criteria, including tests, that will be used to verify and validate conformance of an implementation to the RA2 specification, with RI2 being a deployable reference for operators, vendors and others to develop against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CNTT RC2 workstream**
  - The **RC2 workstream** within CNTT takes requirements from the RM and RA2 and identifies test cases and a test integration suite that will be used to verify and validate conformance of an implementation. RI2 will be a deployable reference for operators, vendors, and others to develop against.
```

- **Compliance and Verification Committee & Cloud Native OVP aka OVP 2.0**
  - The Compliance and Verification Committee governs the Cloud Native OVP program which owns the definition of the end-to-end framework (tooling, process, tests, review, badging) used to verify conformance of a cloud native infrastructure implementation with the RA2 specifications.

- **CNCF - CNF Conformance, Kubernetes, etc.**
  - CNCF hosts a wide variety of projects providing software components for RI2, such as Kuberntes itself, deployment tooling (e.g. kubeadm and kubespray) as well as test suites (e.g., Kubernetes conformance).
  - The Telco User Group (TUG) is a forum within CNCF to identify and discuss telco requirements on the Kubernetes ecosystem.
  - The CNF Conformance project in CNCF has a stated aim to provide "visibility into how well Cloud native Network Functions (CNFs) and the underlying Telecom platform follows cloud native principles".

>   - The CNF testbed is a project providing a framework for building and deploying technology show cases with a strong focus on telco platform requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The CNF Testbed is an initiative providing a framework for building and deploying technology show cases with a strong focus on telco platform requirements.
```
